Add section about configuring macvtap multicast to HomeKit (#21181)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/homekit.markdown

Configure the network mode as `networkbridge`. Otherwise the Home Assistant Bridge won't be exposed to the network.

#### Accessory does not appear in the Home App (for pairing) - Libvirt QEMU/KVM virtual machine with macvtap adapter

> Please see the [zeroconf](/integrations/zeroconf/#troubleshooting) integration for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the [Zero-configuration networking](/integrations/zeroconf/#troubleshooting) integration for more details.
```

Configure the network mode as `networkbridge`. Otherwise the Home Assistant Bridge won't be exposed to the network.

#### Accessory does not appear in the Home App (for pairing) - Libvirt QEMU/KVM virtual machine with macvtap adapter

> 

Reviewer 2: Since this affects all multicast/zeroconf traffic, does it make sense to move this into the `zeroconf` docs (https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/zeroconf/) and then link to it here?

Author: That indeed sounds like a better and more modular approach. I'll update my PR in a bit to reflect this. Are there any other blocks in the HomeKit documentation which would be better in the zeroconf docs?

> #### `Home Assistant Bridge` doesn't appear in the Home App (for pairing) - Libvirt QEMU/KVM virtual machine with macvtap adapter

Reviewer 2: This would affect entries in accessory mode as well.

> #### `Home Assistant Bridge` doesn't appear in the Home App (for pairing) - Libvirt QEMU/KVM virtual machine with macvtap adapter

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Accessory does not appear in the Home App (for pairing) - Libvirt QEMU/KVM virtual machine with macvtap adapter
```
